Alright let’s say you want to maim several world leaders who are visiting beaches or, you want to permanently kill the beach tourism industry to cash out on your pool investment but guns or explosives aren’t flashy and everybody sees it coming. Well I have one solution. 

I’m about to tell you how to weaponize dolphins with lasers, the materials you need, how you can make it, and how to make the dolphin laser people you don’t like. 

First things first we need material. A powerful enough laser, a dolphin, a battery or a powersource to power that laser and something that can house all of this. Let’s start with the laser. We can use an odin 5 watt laser. They are powerful enough to burn skin and cause some damage so it’s good. Next we need the dolphin. We will use the bottlenose dolphin because it’s the only acceptable choice. The powersource will be a 120 volt car battery. They are heavy but dolphins are big creatures and they will handle it. Now we need something to house all these devices so we can make a custom case using a BIG-60 MODIX LARGE 3-D printer. A pretty big and beefy 3-D printer that can handle this. We also need some fish and a whistle for the training part.

We can 3-D print a case that will go around the dolphin with a little leaver that allows the dolphin to laser on command. That is all on the design and assembly part. It is basic engineering you can figure it out through several theories and versions.

Now we need to train the dolphin to maim your target. We will use basic training in which we reward the dolphin by doing what we want it to do using fish. It lasers your mannequin that looks like your neighbor's kid you feed it. It will start to associate murder with food and when it come in and actually does brutally murder the child it will you know your training was a success.

This is it I told you all you need to know to make a laser dolphin. Now go and basically destroy the hawaiin tourism industry because they had it coming for indirectly causing the creation of aloha scooby doo.


